did you see the stock market moved into
correction territory now of course when
you look at this it simply makes a lot
of sense you got to understand though
why in today's video we're going to show
you why exactly the markets have moved
the way they have why this was actually
quite predictable and if you look at the
intricate details it makes a lot of
sense okay what we need to focus on
number one overwhelmingly is liquidity
and that's a confusing term people are
trying to figure out what's going on I
thought we pay attention to earnings
reports I thought we look at what
happens when Apple does their reports
and they you know give us information
about how many iPhones they sold the
most important factor is liquidity
overwhelmingly there is no question
about it you do get fluctuations based
on daily events and news it could be
something that happens halfway across
the world but no we need to understand
the money follow the money and you will
know exactly what's going to happen you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you my name is David Quin and
what I have been doing here at this
channel for a very long time is looking
at something which I now call the money
mirror method and with this I'm able to
Simply indicate where the markets can
move overall now this doesn't happen on
a daily basis you can't look at that and
say I know where it's going to be in 1
minute from now of course nobody can do
that but what we can look at is a
general Trend and have the absolute you
know wind at our back the knowing the
direction giving us this information
it's all because of liquidity Let's uh
go through that and I'll break it down
here first the new bull market is over
that's right because the correction had
come into play and depends on of course
certain stocks are doing still
reasonably well if they had good
earnings and all these things but let's
look at the market the summer rally in
the stock market has ended with the S&P
500 closing lower than it was on June
1st the rally was driven by easing
Financial conditions but now the FED is
committed to keeping rates restrictive a
return to Summer highs seems unlikely in
2023 the tightening of financial
conditions and rate highs could lead to
a contraction in the S&P 500p ratio and
that would be wiping out the summer
gains potentially pulling the S&P below
4,000 now this right here just tells us
that the things that everybody has been
watching right what has happened well
despite what's going on with earnings
with profits all these things these
companies their stock prices just kept
going up and up and up and the
anticipation was that around September
the Federal Reserve was going to start
cutting interest rates or at least the
very least they would say okay we're
going to be starting to do that soon
here we are we're almost at the end of
the year and not only have they said and
kept their promise believe it or not
that they're not going to cut interest
rates that it's not going to come for a
while many people within the Federal
Reserve have started to say end of 2024
so a year from now or maybe even the
following year 2025 at least
meaningfully we don't know what's going
to happen and things could change in an
instant and suddenly they just say okay
we're going to cut but the point is this
is where we are at right now today and I
have been staying consistent this whole
time why because you can look at the
information leave the bias out of it
look I don't watch these things like
CNBC and Bloomberg and I don't follow
particular people out there and try to
get an analysis I look at the charts the
technical analysis and then I look at
the raw data raw data no bias on that
raw data so all I'm getting is
information coming in and I formulate my
own conclusion and I have seen the
patterns forming day after day after day
and I've been doing this for a very long
time I don't have a bias because I've
got nobody to listen to I look at the
data sure it might be boring but that's
what I do and I try to make it as
interesting as I can okay I know we
don't have Janet dancing here and
everything but try to do my best your
set it and forget it 401K made you rich
no more stock and bond portfolios that
worked for the past 40 years aren't
ready for what's coming because there is
a big change going on right now we know
that right but what's this all about the
6040 split people don't even deal with
that anymore most people don't even have
any Bonds in their portfolio at all so
let's take a look well we need to look
in the mirror
mirror mirror on the wall right well not
this mirror a different kind of
mirror we have this okay we're going to
look at the money mirror method I've
been talking about this for many years I
just recently called it the money mirror
method more recently
anyway and what we're looking at is are
they pumping cash out into the system or
are they pulling it back from the system
what are they doing and once we
establish that well we know the
direction of the
market and that is easier said than done
because it's not just one indication
there are many but we'll look at some of
that right here now all right if you
find this informative if you could give
that thumbs up it that does support the
channel and we can help to promote these
videos to others out there all right so
looking at this this is the Federal
Reserve balance sheet they got a lot of
assets at one point they had 9 trillion
in assets can you believe it well over a
period of time they've been selling off
their or letting them mature their
treasuries and their mortgage back
Securities and so that stuff that they
had bought up that is slowly but surely
coming off they got rid of about a
trillion dollars worth and so we know
that liquidity is being drained but it
can be made up for in other ways okay so
that's just one thing this happens to be
the number one Factor are they doing
quantitative easing or are they doing
quantitative tightening and right now at
this time um for over a year now they've
been doing quantitative tightening so
imagine what's quantitative tightening
okay put a ball and chain around your
leg and or maybe a block of cement
however you want to do that and you go
overboard and now I tell you okay go
ahead swim well maybe you can maybe
you're super strong swimmer you're
Michael Phelps
right and you could do it you can keep
up you can keep up but man is that ever
difficult you've got that ball in chain
and so it's going to take a lot out of
you you're going to be expending much
more energy to get the same result
that's quantity of tightening the same
with increasing interest rates at this
time they have increased interest rates
not cut interest rates same analogy you
got the ball in chain making them more
difficult not impossible just much more
difficult all right that's one next
thing we're just looking at the bank
term funding program and what this is is
the emergency Lifeline for the banks so
March Banks started to fail you had svb
you had credit s all the rest and so the
Federal Reserve comes out and says hey
we're going to set up this special thing
it's going to allow them to borrow money
from our facility whatever they need
they can have it and now they are at9 9
billion worth this ends in a few months
what are they going to do like where are
they going to get this 100 billion
suddenly from they have to choose
another Avenue and yet slowly but surely
they've been using more of it okay
interesting so we know that there's a
underlying problem inside of the
financial
industry and that's because of this
draining of liquidity there's a problem
here so we got to start to see that and
I give you this as a piece of evidence
showing you that it's not just about
stocks and their performance and how
many iPhones Apple selling there's
something else deeper at the money GPS
I'm unwilling to give you look here's
how many iPhones here's how many
MacBooks here's how many iPads why would
I do that okay I'll leave that for the
channels that don't matter but on this
channel you get the deeper level so we
peel back those layers of the onion so
so that we can understand what's
actually happening I try to make it as
simple as possible analogies and so on
making it easy this is the one of the
core aspects of the money mirror method
okay now obviously when I go into these
big long descriptions and and rants on
my live session you get the full detail
I'll try to be as uh succinct as
possible
here this is showing us the S&P 500 okay
just think about that this is the US
Stock Market the green line and then we
had the red line which is the US Reserve
balances with federal reserve banks and
what that means is Imagine like the
commercial Banks they can keep their
excess reserves at the Federal Reserve
and okay that's always in flux but in
general these two things the stock
market and the
reserves tend to be very
correlated now a few months ago when we
had this surge in the stock market there
was a chasm in between these and I was
highlighting this over and over again I
did it here but also we had seen the you
know within my group talking about this
hey everyone we got to see one of two
things the stock market has to come down
down the reserves have to go up or they
got to meet in the middle those those
are the things that have to happen and
so what have we seen well you know the
reserves in general have have gone up a
little bit at least from many months
ago um but the stock market that has
come down considerably and so it was
very clear it was very obvious that when
we look at the amount of liquidity that
had been drained for the system and we
understand the correlation between the
money mirror method and just looking at
the markets in general things have to
revert to the meme now that doesn't mean
that the stock market goes and crashes
all the way down to the ground that's
not what I'm talking about but when it
gets ahead of itself it certainly has to
take a breather it has to pause always
nothing goes up
forever you see and so that's what the
money miror method is all about
and I think it has shown to be highly
accurate and this is what you know I
want to be recognized for I want to tell
people that these things right here are
a little bit more simple than they are
made out to be but each and every day
there's noise if we kind of take away
that noise and we could look Beyond it
then suddenly it makes a lot of sense
you see it here on this chart it is very
clear and obvious all right so they
basically met back up and who knows it
might take off from here absolutely
could but the point is time and time
again this proves to be
accurate and so what do we have what can
we take away from this number one factor
we must look at liquidity before you buy
anything before you buy any stocks
before you get into any investment you
have to know a few things are the
Insiders buying or selling that gives
you a little inside scoop are the
central banks printing money or are they
taking it
away we have to understand that in
multiple levels that's in terms of like
the quantitative easing quantitative
tightening also the interest rates look
at what's called Financial conditions
that gives us a idea of you know are we
moving more tight or are we moving
looser because that's based on many
factors it's not just uh like how much
quantitative easing there is or just the
interest rates there's like many many
factors Financial conditions
and um you know what I would want to
look at is any other factor I could find
around the broad indices not going down
to the stock level yet we don't want to
get there at all we want to understand
overall what's happening overall if I
have confidence overall then I come can
come down to the sector level and
understand okay what's happening with
tech right now okay that's happening
with tech okay great
okay I'm good for Tech now I can go down
to the corporation level I call this the
paratrooper trading strategy or
investing strategy and that's important
if you want to get part of this group
where on the Friday session we talk
about um looking at the the markets the
economy I I prepare a presentation
within that presentation this is kind of
something you'll see in that those
presentations just talking about you
know in this case here what can you look
at with apple in China so I might take a
piece of news that I found during the
week and we could learn a little bit
from that and then I just just a couple
points here and then I I get into it
like what it all means and what you can
do as you know in those videos and those
sessions which go by the way for like
two hours every time um I'm able to be a
lot
more I don't want to say honest but I
can be um you know more descriptive Ive
I can just tell it like it is I don't
need to worry about algorithms and this
and that and so I definitely appreciate
the group that's there so that's the
Friday session and then the Sunday
session we talk about how to make money
we look at
Ecommerce um we look at selling stuff
online Ser selling services how you can
make money today how you can make money
more longterm all those things that's
the Sunday session so if you're
interested in either one there's going
to be a link in the description which is
the what I call the mentorship But
ultimately um it's just a way that
that's the the term that I used
initially when I set it up but now we've
split into two factions and so if you're
interested in that on either one of
those let me know Link in the
description I want to appreciate you uh
for being here today if you want to know
more you let me know but thank you very
much and of course tune in tomorrow I
got some really good info about what's
happening in the economy all right I'll
see you then take care